Toolbar: add allowKeyboardNavigation and update KBN article (#8976)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxToolbar/1 Configuration/allowKeyboardNavigation.md

---
id: dxToolbar.Options.allowKeyboardNavigation
type: Boolean
default: true
---
---
##### shortDescription

> Specifies whether the Toolbar manages keyboard navigation between the items.

Reviewer: "toolbar manages navigation" sounds a little vague. Suppose it doesn't manage navigation. But then maybe something else manages that navigation? We better specifically say what's available to end-users.

```suggestion
Specifies whether users navigate between Toolbar items using standard keyboard shortcuts.
```

---

> When this property is set to `true`, the Toolbar uses keyboard patterns that match [WAI-ARIA Authoring Practices (APG)](https://www.w3.org/WAI/ARIA/apg/patterns/toolbar/) recommendations. Users can move focus between available items with arrow keys and the `Home` and `End` keys. The `Tab` and `Shift+Tab` keys move focus into and out of the Toolbar.

Reviewer: I'm not sure if "patterns" is part of some standard accessibility terminology. But I would say "shortcuts" instead to make it simpler for majority of readers. 

```suggestion
When this property is set to `true`, the Toolbar enables keyboard shortcuts that match [WAI-ARIA Authoring Practices (APG)](https://www.w3.org/WAI/ARIA/apg/patterns/toolbar/) recommendations. Users can move focus between available items with arrow keys and the `Home` and `End` keys. The `Tab` and `Shift+Tab` keys move focus into and out of the Toolbar.
```

> When this property is set to `true`, the Toolbar enables keyboard shortcuts that match [WAI-ARIA Authoring Practices (APG)](https://www.w3.org/WAI/ARIA/apg/patterns/toolbar/) recommendations. Users can move focus between available items with arrow keys and the `Home` and `End` keys. The `Tab` and `Shift+Tab` keys move focus into and out of the Toolbar.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When this property is set to `true`, the Toolbar enables keyboard shortcuts that match [WAI-ARIA Authoring Practices (APG)](https://www.w3.org/WAI/ARIA/apg/patterns/toolbar/) recommendations. Users can move focus between available items with the arrow keys and the `Home` and `End` keys. The `Tab` and `Shift+Tab` keys move focus into and out of the Toolbar.
```

> When this property is set to `false`, the Toolbar does not process item-to-item keyboard movement, and each focusable item participates in the page tab order according to its settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When this property is set to `false`, the Toolbar does not process item-to-item keyboard shortcuts. Each focusable item participates in the page tab order according to its settings.
```
